c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\PluginXR1.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\PluginXR1.pdb
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\Desoutter.ProcessControl.Plugin.v1.Interface.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\View\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\View\MainView.baml
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1.g.resources
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1.dll
c:\users\grexr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PluginXR1\PluginXR1\obj\Debug\PluginXR1.pdb
